docs: [HOTEL-20922] add reshopInfo field to rate details criteria (#1412)
SAP-docs/preview.developer.concur.com: src/api-reference/direct-connects/hotel-service-4/v4.schemas.markdown

`numGuests`|`integer`|`int32`|Number of guests for accommodation.|
`guestCountryCode`|`string`|`ISO ALPHA-2`|Two-character ISO code for country.|
`searchSessionToken`|[`SearchSessionToken`](#schemasearchsessiontoken)|-|Session token to be generated and provided by server on initial search call that can be referenced back for future calls on the same session.|

> `reshopInfo`|[`ReshopInfo`](#schemareshopinfo)|-|Information related to reshopping, if applicable.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`reshopInfo`|[`ReshopInfo`](#schemareshopinfo)|-|Information related to reshopping, only available during modify (and not shopping) flow|
```
